Well,
he's so hard to hit to San Chai is just so elusive.
Why wouldn't someone like him end up in a UFC fight?
He doesn't know how to fight on the ground.
I mean,
that's all it is.
It's just pin him with another standup guy.
Ah,
if they were smart,
yeah,
that would be the smart thing to do.
But I mean,
they're not going to put cm punk and gets another ground guy,
are Ya?
Right.
Well,
cm punk.
Yeah,
that would be a disaster.
Cm punk.
The whole thing was everybody's like,
I could do it.
You know,
you watch cm punk,
you like,
fuck,
I'll fucking fight.
Like Yo,
I guarantee you Sam Sam punks probably a lot tougher than the average guy
anyway.
I mean,
I don't know.
I don't know fighting,
but you know,
if you would in the average fighter,
no,
nothing average fighter,
but maybe the average guy in a bar.
Right?
Cm punk is a real nice guy.
And I don't want to say anything bad about them because I mean the guy gave it
his all.
He really did.
Totally,
totally dedicated.
I don't have any of the banks,
some humble pie and he was totally cool about it.
He was in these cool about it the first time and he was cool about the second
time.
Yeah,
he's a real good guy,
but he doesn't have what I would call talent.
The skill he says moves wrong.
He doesn't see him against him.
Mickey Golar came in and just went,
you know,
over the top and he was probably so nervous to never being in that situation of
a real flight.
I mean he's been in front of the crowds,
but that was a nightmare that Micky gall fight was so ridiculous.
Micky gall is fucking good.
He's really good.
He's fucking dangerous.
And to have a guy like cm punk that doesn't have a back,
it's not like Brock Lesnar.
Brock Lesnar came to the UFC.
He was a nice champion as a wrestler.
He's a fucking gorilla as a human being,
just a freak athlete.
Cm punk is a regular guy like he's not.
There's nothing freaky about him.
He doesn't have crazy power or weird speed.
You don't see him and go,
that guy looks super scary for a guy his size,
right?
I mean there's guys that don't look like sand.
Shy himself does not look like a freak.
Freaky,
so freaky.
But when you see him,
he looks pretty,
he looks like an athlete,
but he doesn't look like it.
It's not like Roy Jones Jr and his prime or something.
When you see him,
he's just go,
Jesus,
look at this fucking guy.
He was just,
I mean,
he's just so good.
But a guy like cm punk,
he didn't have a background and he tried martial arts when he was like 30 so he
had no background,
not really even wrestling back.
He didn't even wrestle.
It was all theatrical wrestling.
It was all entertainment.
You know?
You would think though that those guys would even,
even the theatrical wrestling,
they would go and work on the skill like day in,
day out when that's all you have to be as a wrestler,
right?
This is such a difference,
but you can work on the scale day in,
day out,
and then work on the skill when someone doesn't want you to do it to them.
Yeah,
that's the thing.
And then when they're trying to do things to you like just fucking you up and
just nothing you can do about it in your mouth.
Breathing,
you're mad about phrasing,
everything's wrong.
But I mean,
I'm sure he made a ton of money and he,
oh,
he tested himself.
The Guy,
I mean give the guy some credit.
He tell he really did test himself.
I think it was a good thing for,
for Dana and everyone to see too,
like,
oh,
okay,
we're not going to do that.
Let's just not,
let's not put someone in that position that's not put ourselves in that
position.
But they were talking about like Logan,
Paul Logan,
Paul fighting in the UFC and he was like Logan Paul and get killed.
Logan Paul is fucking way better,
way better than cm punk.
Logan Paul like actually knows how to fight.
He had a boxing match with that other Youtube Guy,
but I was watching him throw punches in that fight.
I'm like,
this is a guy who actually knows how to punch.
Like kids punches look good.
He gassed out.
He got a little tired first real fight like that,
but he has a background in wrestling and he,
he actually can punch.
Like I was watching him punched this guy.
I was like,
that's a guy who actually knows how to throw punches.
He now he knows how to,
he knows distance and timing.
He knows how to connect and he doesn't look like Canelo Alvarez or anything
crazy,
but he looks like a guy who can actually punch in where you can give them a
break on it.
But Dana is like,
you know,
have him fight in the UFC would be,
he would get killed like fucking cm punk fight.
This guy is way better than him.
He really has a background in fighting.